okay hello and welcome to the jazz core
dev team weekly sync it is April the 8th
Fizz 2019 and I'm ill so there yeah this
will be fun I'll probably burst out
coughing any minute but and if you're
here please add your name to the
attendees list on the hackpad the link
is for the link in the chat for everyone
cool and if you haven't already then
please add your weekly update in the
relevant section and what happens next
is we usually do the round of our weekly
updates where we tell each other what we
did last week what we upload fun and
what we're going to do next so ah Jacob
is first but he is not him
so we will skip over him temporarily and
I guess he'll make me join us someone
later - vodka oh wait wait wait before
we even start up that because Jacob is
not here with someone like to volunteer
to take notes today
thank you very much ah if the ball
goes fast so you're they again um vodka
if you will go first to give us your
update please let us know what you were
doing last week you're blocked on and
what are you doing next
sure hey guys so last week I've been
I've had like cold days meeting with
near firm guys regarding the
visualization tool which was like an
intricate process of providing feedback
and answering doubts about the old early
p2p data that they need other other and
kind of related with that I've been
working in the elliptic to be
introspection I have currently rough ER
with the switch data for of the data
model I I need to still to clean up some
code and it will hopefully be ready this
week for a review then I I also seem to
be Jacob in regarding the okay ours for
q2 and I've been trying to I'll check
over now and with reviews for for
enabling the releases first yes to be in
jessup offense I'm not currently blocked
on anything and for this week I I want
to add the streams data to the liquid
introspection also I need to review the
streams terrible requests for from
mentis
and I will also start doing some work in
the sink it's Reiter's IO so I will
start by defining the what the interface
transport interface connection would
look like and other than that I will
review again the JavaScript point I
should not gossip so as my career
reached me today and said that I could
give you a new best so I will do it any
questions or comments for me
I just
they comment on the if you do start
leasing contracted stuff please talk to
me and Doug about the transport and
connection devices because we've done a
little bit of work on that already and
it when we get to sync up get your full
thing so that I will do it things then
you have a questions for Vasco all right
Jacob is here now hi Jacob
would you like to give us your update
you ready yeah
see so yes but most of last week
continuing to work on Jas ipfs network
performance with the DHT on fix a slew
of issues with the switch that are
linked in there some of the big ones was
connection manager our connections
weren't actually being tracked properly
we were saying that things were
disconnected when they weren't actually
disconnected because we had multiple
connections to them and this really
prevented connection manager from being
being able to do its job because we
might have a thousand actual connections
but say we have two hundred so that
should be fixed also fix some issues
with Liberty to be stopping at to do
yeah one of the big things working on is
in RFC for auto dial with Jo PDP and
this is kind of to address some stuff
with connecting to peers like now JSF
EFS connects to everything that it
discovers and that's not good we want to
avoid that and so what we're looking at
with J slip p2p is enabling an auto dial
that would auto discuss when you
discover peers it will auto dial up to
the low-water mark in the connection
manager to kind of bootstrap the note
that way and this would attempt to try
to solve some problems bootstrapping and
stuff so if you're interested in that
feel free to pop in there and comment in
the Oakland PD are there's a proof of
concept in there without working but it
need some updates to other things in
order to ship it other than that I will
continue to work on the JSI BFS network
performance with the DHT this week um
yeah
any questions for me
all right there's no questions for Jacob
let's move on to vodka can we have your
update please yes so I've worked on the
IP ID formats stuff I'm sure I have done
something else as well but I can't
recall
that's my only item and but I still keep
working on it and so parallel we still
do discussions on the next iteration of
the API there's clearly lots of
discussions going on but we'll see how
this goes
and next week here I will also look at
it but so the format for IP LD protocol
buffers is basically done which probably
will make Alex happy at least he thinks
so because the API is like pretty
different and we'll see how this goes
yeah I will yeah we'll see because I
made some strange design decisions
anyway I would discuss with him offline
yeah I think that's on earth yeah cool
thank you any questions
probably lots but we'll talk about it
later
you
cool okay moving on this should be fun
okay okay so I made a pull request to
allow the IP necessary publisher to shut
down a bit quicker that was got reviewed
emerged we had a contribution from our
open source apprenticeship with this I
think is that the placements company
pest pest Oh anyway this is a guy who's
been doing went request really useful
stuff for us and one of them was getting
recursive recursive DNS link on the cups
which is cigarette so then I reviewed
that and washed it and I spent some time
we have the lipids P guys last week
testing out the DHT in 0:35 we found
that it wasn't really working at all and
we don't really know why and we're sort
of in we need to figure out why there's
a possible issue might be the bit swap
when when you ask this what for
something it doesn't and it finds it
finds something I think it does a cold
call and because of the queuing things
we've added to the p2p those concur
comes get put on the back of the queue
and possibly might not even be called at
all so bit swap it might never actually
dial the note that it that it needs
style to get the content so that's just
a potential issue that I was debugging
last week yeah that needs more more work
so it means that there is some still way
some still some problems 0:35 release
and I opened a PR for ya
against interrupts for 0:35 and that was
also not incredibly successful the
performance of exchanging files has
Dramastic drastically changed for the
worse so that needs to be figured out as
well and I think that's what
was talking about earlier as well and
and then today I submitted a pull
request for mdns discovery interrupts
this is just kind of a quick pull
request slippy to be mdns on the test
side which allows it to discover go
lippy TV and the go-go idea past nodes
and vice versa it's basically compatible
with what go does and does pretty much
the same thing I thought it would be
really simple just change a few like
service tags and things but then I
realized that the go mdns implementation
is is pretty fun times and it was
difficult to debug but anyway the sort
of darn it needs tests adding to it but
in lieu of the newer implementation I
thought it best to spend a little bit of
time just getting the current
implementation to work together because
because you know we don't know when it's
gonna and it's gonna change so that's
what I've been doing like I said on
block times everybody five release
because of the DHT and the performance
problems that I saw in Interop and so my
toy list right now is to get sorted the
okay ours for q2 I mean not q1 because
they are not finalized yet and yeah I've
been else I haven't been able to but
might might do this and then I want to
figure out what to do move 0:35 release
and I would appreciate your input
they're like should we shouldn't we wait
for these DHT in performance pictures or
should I just really 75 with the DHT
disabled or option 3 showing backcourt
somebody existing on making changes to
0:34 and released that instead
maybe we can come back to that again do
a call or something if we still have
time and that's the any quick questions
okay cool let's move on and it is Alex
next do you like to share with us your
update freeze hello so last week about
NPM stuffed Lua which was you know quite
sad to watch from from the exterior and
some people on Twitter started talking
about oh and it'd be great if we had a
distributed version of NPM and I kind of
like they start saying well actually all
the D web stuff is super slow so it's
not gonna solving our problems and I was
like I actually I saw some other
interesting problems kind of go involved
in our conversation and what what came
out of it was oh yeah if you add
transports here then we'll think about
merging them into NPM cool so I
implemented
ipfs and IP and s transports for MDM and
opened a PR that took most of last week
and it should be super exciting if if he
gets merged so also I do PR for that
problem with pulling ham shards down by
the gateway which resonators there have
been some comments on so in the next bit
will we hear fixing that up I am might
be unblocked now on the async/await
stuff unix averse maybe depending on
what folker has done to the api but if
it's shipped then that's great and we
can fix it that will be cool yeah so I
am going to continue I started looking
at some problems MP on ofs some really
weird slow behavior I don't if it's
related to how it how it was there were
some problems with I'm sorry it might be
related I've just started looking into
so that's probably me for the rest of
the week is tidying up and people and
ipfs issues talking to Volker about the
async weight changes and in IPL d for
months
yeah and trying to like get this thing
merge to cook day there should be fun
yes let's meet any questions
come on thank you Alex
okay next up we've got Hugo would you
like to share your update with us please
yes so we had a session trying to debug
DHT I also did the release of a IP FST
CTL with some features and fixes I
continued the IP NS research we started
the selection out to sync up with the a
team and the CDC guys which are also
trying to work out the IPS problem and
we will be we will be talking about it
so we don't duplicate work and find us
good solution before I'd be nice I also
finished the last bundle size pull
requests removing the IP le formats for
the browser I added a bunch of
documentation explaining out app
developed in the browser can add support
back and stuff like that I also fixed
[Music]
something in the CLI that's came in in
poly quest that basically separated ERX
parser to separate
old Eli and also that with that person
instead of like using the daemon to to
do all the tests and basically the MF s
commands words in the parser were only
in the CLI file so I fixed that and also
added a safer way to exits the CLI
basically instead of using finally we
are with this full request we will use a
package call signal exits which is a
little bit safer on forced exits like
he'll commands and stuff like I like
that I'm blogs on the Jessup EFS Paul M
Plex public wastes to fix the view
support and here next I will continue
with a penis and also I'll be adding
support for file and file lists on the
on the files command any questions no
good thank you
next up laying the train tracks no do
you wanna you wanna just talk yeah so
like just I I think it's worth
mentioning I managed to run embedded
gateway in brave without big
modifications to JSA PFS itself most
like rearranging code and fixing small
pain points where which were like
specific to node and did not work with
proper polyfills added by web park and
other stuff who use so that's quite cold
that I'm able to receive the actual
payload now in past I was only able
through these directories now like
loading images videos work and while I
was doing that I also fixed streaming in
Jessica TFS which did not flash before
entire payload was received cause like I
think by default happy is responding
with gzipped dialogue so the compressor
used by happy which is our HTTP server
intersective s that compressor did the
flash only with each received entire
payload from ideas and I fixed that so
after receiving each chunk from
ipfs there's a small flash to compressor
so streaming works with gzip compression
over HTTP which is cool so my that's
more or less what I've been up to and my
turn for this week is basically clean up
a lot of code and submit a lot of
upstream patches there's this one draft
of HTTP API
pri already open I need to like update
that because there there are some small
stuff on top of that but yeah that's my
a bit any questions for lighting
that's really cool news I can't wait for
your upstream pr's to come along cool
okay now we are done with the regular
weekly update sections and normally we
now move on to the cross team update
section an array so this is a new
section where the where people from
other teams that are not there possibly
outside of chance call can share their
wins
we've with us if they so wish if your
are in a team and you want to share your
update then come and I sit here and we
can hear about it and share the moment
you're a so first up this week we have
Jim would you like to share with us your
update okay
so last week finished ok ours for our
group there's only two people in the
group so that wasn't too hard
we're Dean and hero we set up a private
slack channel to just try to get
everybody who's interested in moving
that in a stuff forward Petro and the
Dean are gonna be working full-time on
it this quarter and he was working on it
so we have a point to coordinate but we
want to we actually want to have the
discussion out in the open so it's just
sort of a temporary slack channel to so
there we can decide where to have the
conversations next so see I've been
playing around with the magic wormhole
to sort of a fun utility which probably
a lot of people don't know about which
you can is for sharing secrets between
generally like it's a Python app then
you can see put a secret in a file and
share it with somebody and then they
have to connect at the same time and
then you just give them three three
words and they type it in and then they
get the secret on their in and I figured
that would be a really clever way to
hook together a lot of these pure base
web apps I'm building where you need to
get a secret from one machine to another
so I built a little HTTP API around that
didn't have one
and I'm integrating that into the peer
test app that Juan wrote so that should
be hopefully done today I want to get
that launched and then the main thing
you're gonna do this week is dig into
test labs so you know we have our nice
integration test but be nice to be able
to random on large numbers of servers
and the validity to be team
Cole's working on this thing called test
labs so I try to earlier version of it
but he's got it's a much more usable
state now so we're gonna dig into it
this week and also pure base is sort of
legging behind on the GSI PFS version
Dirk did some work with that last week
so I want to catch up with that and I'd
like to get the latest version going to
and then upcoming we have ipfs camps
after you look into what I'm going to be
presenting they're equal Idol and Molly
also asked me to look a bit at the ipfs
API and I found a bunch of really
interesting projects done in the past
that you guys have worked on so I'm
probably gonna be reaching out this week
you
thank you Jim any quick questions for
Jim
all right and then we have Terry yeah I
am really excited to announce that I am
NOT just totally stuck in actually
making progress now and it's iron files
tutorial so that does mean it's been a
scoped which is part of me feeling like
I can just move forward so you can see
we're now focusing just on MF s and
there are two main reasons for that it
used to be that the plan wants to make
one tutorial about the non MF s commands
like learn how do you say learn how to
do the same stuff like add the files and
then learn how to use m FS with this
layer of abstraction on top of it and
the two reasons I'm just focusing on
immutable file system now one is that
people have suggested that the order is
wrong MF s is the beginner-friendly
thing even though it's this weird like
not really what ipfs doing thing and
then diag and other file stuff it's like
more advanced and requires more
understanding but the other more
practical reason is that I discovered
that blobs aren't supported directly by
the non MF s methods which makes it
really hard to teach a lesson on just
adding a file because then you also have
to teach a lesson on how to turn a blob
into something that is actually accepted
and I'd rather not be teaching that
infertile school so Hugo mentioned to me
that he has an OK R to make blob
supported by the non m FS commands which
I think it's fabulous
so I'm postponing that and for now just
focusing on this that I can push through
on so the first couple of lessons here
are more just basics how to interact
with the system but we have a commit a
lesson on right and we have one on LS
for right now and I'm still working
through that so the basic plan for
what's inside of them my first tutorial
hasn't changed it's just that I'm
focusing narrowing and I'm specifically
doing that one um and then I know Allen
yeah oh and you were thinking about how
this might get used to ipfs camp and
hoping that this the file thing would be
done before then I'm hoping you were
on the other piece of it also I don't
know what you know what Hugo's timeline
is on that change but this current plan
so I'm very open to feedback as always
but this is this week right now whoa
fancy yeah having Bob's abortion meteor
cool cool Thank You Terry
any questions for Terry
you are muted on me tonight all right I
think we're all done there's no
Evernote's here the only thing if you've
liked it if you have strong opinions
about this I would like to hear them and
I'm talking about they what to do with
the 0:45 release you won't have any fun
feels about it right now I'm a little
bit disillusioned because has been going
on for so long and I can't really see an
end of it and and I sort of I'm kind of
half leaning right now to just disabling
the DHD sorting at making sure the per
fish news is okay without it enabled and
releasing 0:45 anyway and then pushing
the DHT and all those fixes the next one
which we've already done once were
originally going to release in 34 so I
kind of have four that it would be nice
to get it out and verify it sort of a
nice round number and I'm singing about
nonsense stuff Alex I just think as a
point of order the head of masters
should be releasable at all times but we
shouldn't have you know code that's in
there that stops releases from happening
like we can have experimental okay you
know but it should be turned off by
default and then when it's ready it can
be turned on so we can have regular
releases without backing lots of stuff
up as has happened in this case so I
think yeah disabling it keeping the code
in and releasing you're disabled is is
completely the right thing to do yeah I
mean just can't speak to that I don't I
don't merge things to ever really break
master if I can the the issue with this
with this particular change was the it
we it was passing all the tests and
possibly interrupt tests
and it was quite difficult to know that
it was it was actually failing it unless
you actually you properly run it and to
be fair to us Seifer we should have run
that and figured that out before before
where it got merged and that didn't
happen so that's just a learning for the
next time but yeah in general I totally
agree and we want master to be yes
beliefs of all anyone given any given
point basically so yeah all right any
other comments on that or if that's what
if that's what the consensus is then I'm
happy to just release it and get it over
with okay
the DHT is moving into 0:36 potentially
right well okay get on the get on the
bike with that then this week all right
okay wherever by the word of time thanks
for spending all of your time with us
and it's been it's been fun and I hope
to be a little bit better next week and
less cranky but until then have a lovely
week and do some awesome investing and
we'll see you next all right bye